[ty] Avoid descriptor lookup through unknown `__get__` (#24820)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/attributes.md

C.only_declared = "overwritten on class"
```

#### Unknown `__get__` does not collapse declared instance attributes

If an attribute is only declared in the class body, we still allow access on the class object as a

> typing convenience. If the annotated type inherits from an unsupported base, looking up `__get__` on

Reviewer: This first sentence doesn't make sense to me. Why would it be a "typing convenience" to allow class access to something defined on the class? And how is it relevant to this test?

> typing convenience. If the annotated type inherits from an unsupported base, looking up `__get__` on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an attribute is only declared in the class body, we still allow access on the class object as a
typing convenience. If the annotated type inherits from an Unknown base, looking up `__get__` on
```

the annotated type can return `Unknown`; this should not collapse the attribute access itself to
`Unknown`:

```py
import random

class A: ...
class B: ...

Base = A if random.random() > 0.5 else B

> class MyBaseClass(Base):  # error: [unsupported-base]

Reviewer: This is kind of a convoluted way to create the "Unknown base" situation, which isn't really germane to the test. A simpler way would be `from somewhere import SomethingUnknown` and then inherit `SomethingUnknown`.
